it's late May in it's graduation season
but this graduation in network heart
California was a little different from
most it was a graduation for robots 11
robots built that a little company
called Royal garage dedicated to
accelerated robotics are doing this
first class at CRT robots is going off
into the boards and universities and one
directly took industry between the labs
at osh been a lot of ups and downs in
that and we thought we're going to get
this talking about a year turned out me
almost almost three years now so but you
know it turns out you meet me at nine
months but it's again made 11 babies and
nights you know a lot of very expensive
robots is going in in the world that you
guys are funding suspending than their
what
the reason is there's a huge number of
brilliant people working in robotics and
they don't have the tools they need to
be as effective as it could then when
you look at the future of robotics and
you look at the number of people could
do better if they have the right tools
that makes the robots look cheap by
comparison right there's this huge
opportunity and by just putting it on 11
robots we think we can help them and so
that's a fantastic kitchen I'd like to
announce the winners of the pr2 beta
program University of California at
Berkeley what will happen to these
robust after graduation oh there's lots
of yeah so we have this assistive
kitchen map and which is kind of meant
as a kitchen or environment for the
future so we're going to have the robot
in there will be able to help elderly
and handicapped people so in a sense we
know that elderly people kind of don't
like to go in the land area houses would
like to stay home and we're going to
have the robot there too let's say make
a set the tables for them clean the
table after then put the dishes into the
dishwasher mop the floor enter on
support and the neighbors of project
therefore is tidy up robot and what we
are commenting is
eli beats reliably grass from a table
and put it back into
its base and loris etc we are working on
interactions with humans so one of many
chemists we're focusing on special needs
populations or working with children
with autism
people in post for rehabilitation the
Alzheimer's you know a human makes like
something around like three billion or
something muscle decisions in their
lifetime and I'm sure nobody knows you
know nobody counts that and so you know
when you're when you're planning to do
something like figure out how to tell a
robot how to do something you don't plan
every single muscle movement be planning
a higher level so we wanted to see a
similar with the robot another thing is
learning from demonstrations and so it's
often a lot easier to show how to show
somebody how to do something then try to
explain it same thing goes with program
a robot so if we can show the robot a
tie knot and you know keep it similar to
those demonstrations and now the robot
knows I'm Dinah you older adults and
healthcare providers about their
technology acceptance and attitudes
expectation with about the pr2 and to do
planning for opening of spring-loaded
doors with the pr2 so we currently open
regular doors however many doors like
fire exits our spring loaded so you
can't just pull it open leave it open
and then go through it so we're going to
look I'll use two arms so open the door
fully while moving through it and then
be able to fully navigate throughout a
building with with spring-loaded doors
Emmitt house bring no doors we're
building a framework allows programmers
to specified tasks were they some
constraints in the compared to we're
planning to work on teaching tasks
basically have the robot cook for you
and do all those messy little dirty
chores that nobody else wants to do but
the robots if the robot can will be
really hard but before the hard work
begins it was time for exaggeration
partner
Oh
well I totally stopped
you